this prima games video walks you through
the first level of zombie you on the
wheel dummy you puts you right in the
middle of the zombie apocalypse the
controls are pretty familiar if you've
ever played an FPS but one thing that is
brand-new is the gamepad II initially
your gamepad is going to be used
primarily as a map you also see green
arrows showing you where to go next in
this case we've got to turn on that
generator
now that we got power let's go back to
where we came from yeah wonder if we'll
see that guy any time soon follow the
map on your gamepad and make your way
out of the safe house yeah looks like
trouble here you're going to want to use
the lower right icon on your gamepad to
send out a pink this will allow you to
see if there are enemies or any
biological signs around you looks like
something's here
now you've got your backpack here you
get the store a limited number of items
including soda and food for health and
weapons drink up your backpack by
swiping down on the gamepad but be
careful this game does not have a pause
button so you are vulnerable right now
as we continue we now have an outside
objective but first we need to get the
key card as you make your way forward
make sure to pink every now and then
also don't forget to loop even zombies
have some goodies it can also scan the
environment using the gamepad this is
done by hitting the L shoulder button
and just lifting up the gamepad as you
find items on the screen just tap them
to mark them for later these include
green markers for loot and items and
also red markers for things that might
not be as cool
yeah follow the map and you get to this
creepy area
here you're going to want to hop the
window and take out this batty
remember we're looking for the key card
but we'll take a soda open this filing
cabinet and you've got it as you move on
you'll notice the red markers sometimes
are zombies definitely keeps you on your
toes let's go downstairs use the pigs 50
with zombies are in the area and you can
choose to fight or just get out of there
we probably could have done this area a
little bit better let's go upstairs
before we get another zombie attack yes
and what do you know a Gatling gun lift
up the gamepad and you're able to see
exactly what the Gatling gun sees you
can take zombies out in no time finally
we get to use the key card to enter the
safe house using icons on the upper left
of the gamepad you can turn on and off
the flashlight sometimes you're going to
want to conserve that energy so turn it
off and allow it to recharge look around
for some ammo soda chocolate whatever
zombie hunter needs to get through the
day
and we're done let's see what's outside
for more on zombie you visit prima
gamescom